Jacob Cecil
Summer 2021
My summer wasn't too exciting. I helped my parents with two litters of puppies, and when I wasn't taking car of dogs, I was at work. 
Over summer I worked at the Valparasio Target as a Starbucks Team Member, which means I got to work at the in-store Starbucks kiosk. 
I've since transferred to the Muncie Target Starbucks, so feel free to come visit. One of my coworkers got me into a new (to me) card game called Carfight Vanguard, 
and that was kind of neat. I had planned to attempt some coding projects, but ended up being too busy helping with dogs, both puppy and adult. 
=======
Ethan Bowers
Summer 2021
During my summer I did not do too much, most of it was spent working at our local Menards. There were a few things I did outside
of Muncie, the first of which was going to a convention. I went to Indy PopCon with my girlfriend where we got to see people cosplaying
as some of our favorite characters and meet a few voice actors from the shows we love. The only other truly exciting thing I did over the 
summer was going on a week trip with family to Destin, Florida. It was a beautiful place, even if it did not drop below the high 90's
while we were there. We mostly spend our time on the beach but went out to a couple amusement parks while we were there to break up 
some of the monotony. The rest of my summer was spent inside my air conditioned apartment reading and playing games, very uneventful.
=======
Jake Chappell
Summer 2021
My summer was overall pretty good! Most of what I did over summer was work. I worked as a server at a restaurant called The Local Eatery and Pub and really enjoyed it. The job
gave me the opprotunity to meet new people and learn the different aspects of customer service. When I had the chance I would also play golf with my friends which was a ton of
fun and kept me active. When I wasn't working or golfing, I would spend most of the time either watching Youtube videos, playing guitar, playing video games, or working on 
simple coding projects.